Test-CsTeamsUnassignedNumberTreatment and Test-CsInboundBlockedNumber (#8934)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Test-CsTeamsUnassignedNumberTreatment.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.TeamsCmdlets.Powershell.Custom.dll-Help.xml
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/test-csteamsunassignednumbertreatment
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams

> title: Test-CsTeamsUnassignedNumberTreatment.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Test-CsTeamsUnassignedNumberTreatment
```

```

Tests the "321321321" number to check if there is a matching unassigned number treatment.

## PARAMETERS

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PhoneNumber
The phone number to be tested.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default Value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TenantId
This parameter is reserved for internal Microsoft use.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Names
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```

```

### -PhoneNumber
The phone number to be tested.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default Value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TenantId
This parameter is reserved for internal Microsoft use.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Names
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

### System.Guid

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

> The cmdlet is available in Teams PS module 3.2.0-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet is available in Teams PowerShell module 3.2.0-preview and later.
```
